[Workers] learning path (#11701)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/learning-paths/workers/concepts/workers-concepts.md

### Workers

Explore Cloudflare Workers developer documentation by starting with [How Workers works](/workers/learning/how-workers-works/), and learn the difference between the Workers runtime versus traditional browsers and Node.js. If you are a Node.js user, review [Node.js compatibility](/workers/runtime-apis/nodejs/) in the Workers documentation.

### The cache

Learn how Workers interacts with the Cloudflare cache by reading [How the cache works](/workers/learning/how-the-cache-works/).

### Developer Platform

Cloudflare Workers is part of the [Cloudflare Developer Platform](https://www.cloudflare.com/developer-platform/products/). You will explore this topic in [module 5](/learning-paths/workers/#build-applications-with-cloudflares-developer-platform).

### Related resources

The Cloudflare blog offers updates and further insights to developers on the Cloudflare developer platform, which includes Workers. Explore some curated blog posts below on Workers speed, and scalability.

> * [Cloudflare Workers versus Lambda versus Lambda@Edge](https://blog.cloudflare.com/serverless-performance-comparison-workers-lambda/)

Reviewer: I would add more than one resource here since the title is plural

---
title: Workers concepts
pcx_content_type: learning-unit
weight: 1
layout: learning-unit
---

## Workers concepts

Cloudflare Workers allow you to build web functions and applications without configuring or maintaining infrastructure. Workers are deployed globally to over 300+ data centers around the world on Cloudflare’s global network.

Before you begin building with Workers, review the following reference material to understand how Workers works.

### Serverless computing

> Read this Cloudflare Learning Center article on [serverless computing](https://www.cloudflare.com/learning/serverless/what-is-serverless/), [containers](https://www.cloudflare.com/learning/serverless/serverless-vs-containers/) and the [difference between service workers and Cloudflare Workers](https://www.cloudflare.com/learning/serverless/serverless-javascript/#:~:text=One%20of%20the%20key%20differences,of%20the%20Internet%2C%20effectively%20running) to understand the fundamentals of Workers technology.

Author: ```suggestion
To understand the fundamentals of Workers technology, refer to these Cloudflare Learning Center articles on [serverless computing](https://www.cloudflare.com/learning/serverless/what-is-serverless/), [containers](https://www.cloudflare.com/learning/serverless/serverless-vs-containers/) and [serverless JavaScript](https://www.cloudflare.com/learning/serverless/serverless-javascript/).
```
